electronics, because before all
electronics were analog, now they have been
converted to digital, and digital is a
big plus, but the fact that we do
not produce any chips
there.  There
was a factory there in Minsk, well, there were
even yours in Ukraine, in my opinion,
I don’t remember the factory there. Arsenal, in my opinion, was in Kiev,
where they produced all the microcircuits.  We
don't have anything like that. We
take it from China, or we take some
sewing machines, some washing machines,
we remove some microcircuits from them, we put them
on missiles.
I'm the only one on you,
how many times did you eat something all the time?
It feels like you come home and
immediately eat
delicious food.
to the flight of the Russian,
Iranian and Syrian Army from the cities of
Syria, negatively, they simply did
not have a
second way out. How do you estimate how many days
are left for
Asad?
for a long, long time there, well, listen well,
okay,
nine months, then I think today,
today, at the most, tomorrow they will take Homs, and
then everything from the south, too, they have already cut him off.
someone or not может быть And who Russia
said
no soldiers But you hold on Russia yes
Russia you are right it was disgraced Instead of
to the last drop of blood How is
this how they defend
their military bases there during Stalingrad they just withdraw Everything
yes and it
turns out from the point  you know the future
allies yes The same Belarus
is looking like, is there any sense at all
to contact Russia yes Or other
countries such Belarusians do not have a special way out,
there is Big Brother why And who
m I don’t think I will listen there so VS  the Security Council is already
controlled there. Well, it is Lukashenko.
Lukashenko is under warranty.
If Lukashenkoktsya, he is simply
removed and the
Security Council works on our KGB and on our SB.
Well, it can also be. Yes, but I
think that there is also an American good.
I think that if it
were like that, then the Russian troops
would not have left the territory of the Belarusians. True.
Yes, they left only because they knew
that everything was normal there.
not under control. Well, if they
stood now, even a little bit, yes, on the
border with Ukraine, on the part of the Belarusians,
we would have to keep a huge howl in the
Kiev
region. Well, yes, no, well, you see there.
It's hard to
go to Belarus, it's much better, it's closer, it's like going
through the Belgorod region, the
last time we went through Belarus,
it's true, it's a mistake, and that's it.
Look, 170,000 people entered and half
died there.  the mistake was
This is how the Napoleonic army went
along the Smolenskaya road and also went out along the
Smolenskaya road, the mistake was because
there the road was completely without food, there were
no people, it was as if
through the forests, here, here we go, although there
were no other roads in Moscow at that time
[  music]
you, well, older people, well, it’s through Chernobyl, the
Chernobyl forest, to go. Well, I’m
not a Komelkov, either. And what do you talk about here?
I decided today Vodka I already I haven't been here for 2 weeks I'm vodka That's you, you're an ethyl alcohol, an economist, yes, like that, yes, I understand, yes. And what is your position on this war? Do you support it? how did they think to take Kyiv there in 3 days, Ukraine there in a month, yes, it’s just that you already had no choice, they would have taken all of Ukraine, and that already, you know how they could not achieve anything, well, they took a couple there. Well, at least 20%
they took the territory,
well, where did they take 20%? It’s called
It’s not, it’s what I think it’s 20%.
no less, since Kherson
was conquered, Kharkiv Oblast was conquered,
only the city was conquered, because
it is on the right bank only Well, not only the
city, but the entire right bank
won back Well, I mean Yes, well, the right
bank is not on the left bank. This
is now, by the way, I
heard smart people say, but I don’t believe
that they want to fight Kerson back.
on the chanku he typed how he waved.  he led the
army into an attack with his foot in his hand and they took this
Mariupol, well, it also turns out, well, they
couldn’t take him there for two months, and then
Putin comes and they also took him, well, not
the other way around, they took him, and then they also came,
he wasn’t in Mariupol right away, well, he
came through  I don't think he was
six months or even an hour later, he was somewhere
in a month or two months later. No, I'll
take a look now, it's
interesting, yes, it's not Putin.  In
March of the
third year, Putin sat down for the first time an
hour later, and in the second year, they took him to
Mariupol.
Yes, they took him not in March, they took him somewhere, they took him somewhere in
June, somewhere.
месяцев до Марта Well, well,
a couple of houses have already been built there, they even say that I
wasn’t even there, it’s not my area of
responsibility, the point is that it
turns out I, too, here are some
fairy tales, you can see how the military understands Yes, that’s
absurd, take Kherson again, yes,
now  and some
the Russians, well, it seems that they have stolen
all the floating assets from the local
population. Well, there are 700 marriages, well, let’s
load them there, well, check for the boat,
they will just be destroyed by artillery with the bespolodniks,
that’s all, well, it’s unreal, yes, a
helicopter type.
they are used in such a way as a landing party, and it
is unlikely that the SES is used because many people speak to me
familiarly, such as Pochemu Rossii does not use
carpet bobaderog, I speak  Can you imagine
what a carpet bobber is? You know, you
need to send a plane over Kiev so that
they fly over, they will drop bombs there and they will
simply destroy 95% of them, and the 5% that are
not destroyed, they will simply
release the ammunition in a clear field, so that it can be
released faster and fly back, that's it,
people just see  they don't understand us in
Russia.
So you, yes. They are like, how do they think that
if
some of these people are there with sticks, they will
bomb the curbs? Well, that's it.  ka lep THERE
You know when they bombed there, well, ours and su35
and new ones THERE You know there are airplanes
like the ambassadors, the same thing, as they say. And why
then, if we have everything there already, why
not use a T14 tank there,
for example, an armature, well, that’s why,
why not A  if she suddenly dies, the
Ukrainians will take her figuratively and immediately
say yes, but I still think that he is
good, and if they take her as a prisoner, for example,
figuratively, well, they
will capture her because,
well, how would you be a soldier, you understand  that
any piece of shrapnel damages the love, the
thermal imagers, the cameras,
stand still, if there is even an explosion nearby,
they will simply be entangled with pieces of shrapnel Yes, and everything
[music]
quietly, that’s good there, at least a few shots were fired,
maybe the soldiers pooped with
fear And before, it was just like that Yes, well,
where are you sitting there? Yes,
there  Well, no, there is a lower hatch,
you know which one, the lower hatch, the lower
hatch understood. But look, it just
turns out to be about the Kursk region, but I’m
not a military man. Yes  but for me it was a
surprise. Yes, how did Ukraine enter the
Kursk region
last month? It can’t do anything about it in the
city. It can
be, well, if the military says it because
they are afraid to take combat-capable units from the
Donetsk region, Luhansk, and other
regions, shoot
some new ones there. It’s just  Shlyut, well,
conscripts of this type
are also made contract workers, that's where the kotonychepy
is located in your place. Yes,
in my opinion, it is three times less than you. Well,
we have somewhere around 50,000  somewhere there
are about 20,000, but you have a
combat-ready unit, we don’t have
20,000 Ukrainians in the Kurt region, yes. And how are
they located in this whole territory?
many tactical
battalions, tactical groups,
all kinds of things. Well, we have about 50,000, you have
about 20,000, that is, you are somewhere twice
less than 2 s  at times less but in
quality you are a better image because all of
our military capabilities are located in the Donetsk
region. Somewhere I am with many
Russians who I communicate with and who
support me.
no way, yes, in order to force
Ukraine to surrender, it is necessary, for example,
to take the Kursk Region for the
next negotiations, somewhere, sometime in January, there
will be negotiations if Look, if
Ukraine will have a Kursk Region,
part of it. Even then, it will be simple
touching, like, yes, we change the Kursk
region to Crimea figuratively Well, it won’t go
Well, well, for the liberation of the entire
Kherson region, like, roll back until the
22nd year, like, yes, then we give a
piece, like Russia, it’s also not profitable that
Russia Putin, how did Putin say that all these are
our five  oblasts, this is already ours, everything is
included
there. Well, Kherson includes
Zaporozhye. Of course, Kherson will
never take Zaporozhye, because they
are on the right bank, he cannot
physically take it.  it's not so easy if I
take some girl from there or there for half a year
with Tue. Yes, I looked at the map of the girl, she
was
taken for a year. Don't forget that it's been 10 years since she
got it
somewhere, well, you just see the strength at the end
with us, just like you  you are also on the way, you have
a problem with people, we have problems with equipment,
we do not have enough equipment, you do not have
enough people, well, we can recruit
immigrants there, you can no longer take them, we have already
finished, well,
new ones already  it's not so
easy, I think
[music]
to find a way to come up with something, it seems to me that way,
and with tanks, I watched analytics,
I don't understand VM Well, I would watch different of
these experts of synthers, here are
these satellite images of these open
parking lots of tanks somewhere Buryati Well, that's
it  further, yes, what happens, they have already
started to run out, how do they take them?
Well, how do they take them? Look, even when, when,
when, I serve.
well, figuratively, there are 12 working
tanks plus non-working tanks and it
broke down, I take a non-working tank, put it on Working,
well, they make it
work, we never had one in the
Soviet Union, for example, I will soon be 60 years
old, as if I had already started
serving in the 80s
in  we were not in a single unit, neither
in Russia nor the Union, that had
any part in full, a full bokop or a full
composition of a unit there. Well, what is required when
deploying a division  for example, this does not
happen, this is so that the
part itself does not rebel, for example, Yes,
as if it had never been, Well, how does a part
rebel, a part, O, it is not
built?  it
was distributed, well, look. Here is the beginning, for example, 1941,
June 22. Yes, we have, in terms of the number of
tanks and artillery, there are also airplanes
somewhere, well, in terms of airplanes, eight times in
tanks, there are six times. Well, in airplanes, there
are  artillery there were generally more than 20 times.
Well, you see, for some reason they could not,
because of those 20,000 tanks, and their
working condition was somewhere
around 12 tanks, plus 6,000 of
them did not have ammunition, because the
ammunition was, well, figuratively  there somewhere is the
second part somewhere, the one that
was there 100 km away, I’m speaking figuratively.
with a small
number of tanks, which are
there, there are pz1, there are pz2 PS Well, even
after only four, that is, they were inferior to ours in terms of
quantity and quality.
that in
those parts of the Armed Forces, it was about 100 km, the
same thing. Here, logistics in Russia
were always bad, it was always a minus in
Russia.  you
don't
know, they take, for example, there for Well, how did
you say at these tank parking lots there?
Well, where are the tanks
stored? Yes, they are there, the children of
tanks are supported by one tank, the front controls it,
but it takes too much time, it
takes money, that is, it is not
necessary to take  the rubber is completely
destroyed there, it is necessary to remove all the rubber,
put new rubber on the second tanks of the
old ones, you will not find rubber because
there, too, the rubber is completely destroyed, it has been
standing in the open air for 20 years
figuratively  there is no rubber at the
factory, but the factory does not have rubber, well, or
send it
there with a mechanic, you can put a gun there,
how is it, or there is a new one, there is a new chassis,
there is a new one, all the clutch is all put, then with
rubber, you will not put rubber, just
rubber on all of all all tanks  which
are standing, destroy the tank, there is no donor,
give the sun, air, water, the sun,
over
time, without rubber, it’s just that
there will be no rubber bands.  of the
Irkutsk region
strategic assignment
Yes, this is what the blog is talking about, I don't
have anything to understand. It's just technically
interesting. How is it? They say that
if there is someone's nuclear launch, it's
immediately there in a nuclear reactor, because everything is
at once.
eh all rake zapu so ska So chto let here I am
on a
pension, well, 25 percent fly if we have
somewhere they say that 12,000 rockets about well
figuratively  2-000 letit Let's say the
same in America as well Well, there are certain
quantity meters, I think in America, but
after something, first of all, don't forget that we have
your old missiles that were still under the
Soviet Union there in the 7080s.
rockets that were in the
90s, that were in the 80s, well, Tom is there
at the end,
figuratively, the Voivode is there in the 70s, there
is no such thing  all that I'm talking about now is a
new hazel nut, well, this hazel nut, they
just took
one step and removed it from there, that's it, that's all, that's the
whole
hazel nut, well, let's say, the worn-out rocket there,
let's say, the wounded rocket, but it's the
hazelnuts. Well, that's
what it turns out to be,
what kind of mud is on the training ground?  the rocket
exploded during the tests when it took off, that's what it
was, it seems to me that the fuel exploded there.
Well, just look there.
Well, there, as it were, oxygen and
hydrogen are all mixed there.
Any drop, for example, gets into the
open air and gets into the house. Oxygen
gets there and
will be called. Remember how a year ago when a
rocket exploded there, killing the head of the
Russian missile forces, there were somewhere around 500 or
people. I don’t
know. I don’t know.  I know, I don't know, but it turns out,
look, nuclear tests
were not carried out. Since what
year? From 0x, in my opinion, it is
accurate that there was a mutual agreement with America,
that is, theoretically  it
turns out,
you see. We are even afraid to conduct nuclear
tests because what if the rocket doesn't
work and it doesn't fly there, well, I
used to think that the rocket would
definitely land there.
something fell, too, some rocket
didn't reach there,
some of them were shot down from the planes
that were shot down also
[music]
well, well, yes, I don't know the plane, but it can
be there  Kinl, for example, also only
lets in 31, in my opinion,
well, first of all, Electronics, because
before all Electronics
were analog, now they have been converted to digital, and
it is a big plus, but the fact
that we do not produce any
chips,
there are no such things.  it's called mikroschemy
process mikroschemy you all we don't
release before if under the Union there
we have a factory there in Minsk they were there, well there
were even in your Ukraine in my opinion the
factory there I don't remember Arsenal in my opinion in
Kiev was where they produced all kinds of
microcircuits, all of this was produced now.
Where to produce Nothing. We don't have such a thing.
How, how,
well, there are military microcircuits, and there are
civilian microcircuits, well, it’s difficult. Well, I’m not a
specialist.  the
rockets
are repaired, repaired, and
now it
turns out, yes, I’m talking about this too,
that Yes, it’s our rockets. I’m afraid
that no one is watching our rockets.
basically, well, I don’t know
who serves them there, the governors, everything,
for example, the rockets that are mined, they
were all made in Ukraine, who does the
service
now?
according to the rules,
they already have to be charged with
fuel, it turns out that they are
not all, and mostly there are somewhere 25% already
charged, they stand just in case of a
fire, the fuel runs out, the fuel is gone, they
stand
there, preserved there, well, if something is
there, there  well, figuratively, in 2-3 hours, they
should be ready, that is, if
you think that you are red, who pushed
everything there, rockets poured out, not a fairy tale, somewhere around
2000 rockets  3,000 rockets will be canned,
refueling, you know, you can’t
keep fuel in a rocket all the time. Well,
I also think that it loses its
properties then and so on.
We had a poplar house, that is, they
have to leave their
hangars and get to the launch point, which
is about 40-50 km away, and the
Americans
know this very well. Well, they just need to stand there.  I do
n't want to go there for 2 hours. Somewhere,
that
is, I'm here. Oh,
when there were no satellite
reconnaissance and so on. Then it was simple. Then it was
that a missile from America flew there
in 2-3 hours. Yes, we have 2-3 hours there. That's how it is.
we could have thought, we could have
called on the phone, our
Regen will call figuratively, Regen is humpbacked, hunchbacked, rege,
well, figuratively, VS Vladit, there, ska, oh, sorry,
we are not
right, well, sorry, that’s the case,
well, we have an auto-detonation system there  it's okay,
we're on our own
now, it's not a big deal, now it's the second
situation
now, well, no one knows anything, I'm even
surprised that the kalyuds are working now with
rocket troops, yes, about the World Cup.
figuratively speaking, the red button must
pass through seven different points
in order to reach the person who starts it,
and to the regiments.
Now I don't even know Putin decided,
and Putin is like a
dictator.  I
don't
know England there, in America, in France. Well, what kind of
fool would even want to kill his mistresses,
lovers there, children there,
wives, you know,
there are no fools either. Well, yes, I also say that
when  to fight somewhere there with an
army contingent is one thing, yes, when
it arrives conditionally, well, in response to the
same Moscow, and they lose everything, it’s
not so much fun here anymore, well,
look at Ukraine, how the hussars there in
1812 THERE, you know, they took checkers in their hands
there  sabers in hand like hussars rushed
through Ukraine, they got there, they took it, it's
beautiful, but no one wants to start a war with America,
what a fool wants to join
NATO, yes, NATO just  nasrshok sotrt
polminuty and we know that Putin is also not a
fool, he knows what is with America, how would it
be in the
first place? Yes, as I said, even in the middle of
12,000 missiles there, 2,000 will fly out
of them to reach America. I think they will be shot down there
because they have a system
all the patriots are standing there, the most standing ones are
standing up, too, and the Armed Forces will not just defeat them.
Well, yes, the missiles will break through there.
But these are no longer comparable missiles
for America.
Well  Well, it’s nothing to worry about, there,
there, somewhere in Florida, or
San Francisco, somewhere in
California, you can live without it, in
principle. Well, it
won’t be a big loss, I don’t mean
that you are like a racketeer, so simple.  like,
well, there won't be a city. Well, you know,
we now have rocket troops. The
reduction of
states is coming. Vote for any state in America. What is the
reduction?
Jokes. Yes, it just turns out that
from my point of view.  It
seems to me that the Americans also
understand this in the same way, and to some extent the
Americans understand this, that's why
the Americans are brave, they understand everything
very well, you know it was a big blunder
because here I am, even I myself, even I am
there on retirement Yes, I am a lieutenant colonel  I'm
retired. Well, I'm right, I'll be 60 soon.
How would an elderly person be, and I
know that at that time half of our rockets
didn't work 100%, and
now it can even be
more. How is it that it's
cast iron?  At Belgorod, they dropped their own,
that is not this, not a sanctioned flight of
ammunition, as they called it, they flew, bombed
Sumy, or what region there, or
Kharkiv, and it fell in Belgorod, then the
fab. Well, you see there. But in these big
bombs, Kaby is called Kaby. Yes, they have
such a system there that if the wing
if they did not disband, then the ammunition will not
work, yes, that is, it will
fall flat, then it will
fall on the territory of Russia, but it will not
it will explode because the very wings of the wings are
already opened already over
Ukraine Uhu, that is, it is not about the Kabi,
not about the controllables. But about
the fab and the prof. Yes, it happened in the past or the
year before last, it fell on Belgorod.
First of all, I am saying that, first of all, we
do not have a replacement, we have a replacement for the
analog system, which would be similar to the digital
system at the Russian Federation, figuratively
speaking,
but at the moment, there are no matrices of any kind.
we can't get chips at a time, well,
we get them from China, and somehow they are not
for the military, well, they are not suitable for the military,
well, it is there, at a certain
temperature, everything is there,
well, there is also speed, too,
well, everyone there is a microchip, that’s it. Yes, there is
speed there, for example  there, well, you understand
that if he was standing somewhere in the
comfemolke, then he would put it on the
rocket, and there would be all kinds of interference, and so
on, as if he were a wolf.  I do
n't know rockets,
but it turns out that these are
for the war, and what about Kiev, when
they entered Kiev, they couldn't take it
because there weren't enough people, or just in your opinion, there weren't
enough people, or simply that Ukraine's
defense was very well done,
but at first, no one counted then
How was there a strong defense? Well, there
wasn’t much defense in Kiev, if so,
to be honest. For example,
Gostomel, there was no defense at all, but
we tried to kill ours, shoot down
ours, or three
helicopters, as it were.  Do you know what was the plan
to put Guestomele there, then from there,
our transporters, yes, transporters with
soldiers are pictured there and ask for
it. There are literally 20 km, and such a plan did
not work, because
when one of the two or three helicopters
was hit, the rest started. Let’s say that
they even started to fly away  for no reason They had to
cover the Spetsnaz, they
didn't cover him because
I knew about it because I just
talked to an officer who
took part there
Russian officer, well, I don’t want to say his last name, it doesn’t matter. Here they are, after all, they took guests. Well, you managed to damage the runway there, that is, our transporters took off and then flew away because the runway was occupied in their slang. Let’s say yes, there is damage to the runway. it was, that is, they couldn't get off here in Kyiv, and we went there through the forests and fields. Well, there you have a couple from Belarus going to Kyiv, there are a couple of roads, just the SES highway, they just installed it  Well,
you
did it like the Chechen version,
blow up the first tank, blow up the
last tank, and the rest will already humiliate the
captives of the artillery. It doesn’t matter what you have
then, it was just so much for
us civilians who don’t understand
so much, it’s somehow surprising that these are all
burned columns and so on  Well, you
think, like, yes, and then you already understand
that they were beating up the first one, yes, they were beating up the
last one, and then, or as
it were, they were destroying a column of gasoline trucks
because it was easier than that  It was unfortunate that
everything stopped later, and
even then, you managed to
destroy the Cestar, in my opinion. Well, the
whole echelon was surrounded by walls, which was going
just as their security, and
you managed to undermine it figuratively, that
is, half of the tank was simply left without,
without diesel, without
fuel.
Yes, it was.
you see, then the problem was that
we have the fifth confirmation of the FSB, which
deals with your
Ukrainian port, and everything is
not from Kiev, but we also had it
somewhere in Donetsk, but precisely in
There was nothing combat-capable in the Kyiv region, people, you are all for Russia Well, how would it be, what about us, according to reports Yes, according to reports that everyone would come out to meet there, it was that it seemed like they were already taking all these people there Alya Medvedchukov Yes, they already had to According to the idea, the plan was to take Kyiv there quickly, that day. So on the 5th and 10th of the Neva, the postatuda of Yakov would preside over the legitimate president as the prime minister right away.  the signing of the treaty with
Russia. Bring the Ukrainian army. Yes. Well, there
was such a plan,
but it did not work. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, but it did not
work.
Or
was such a Special Forces poorly prepared for us, or
what, well, most likely we did not expect
such resistance.  The
first day of fighting in Kharkov
was the first day in Kyiv. There are
photos of these right in the residential area of
Kyiv already.
Yes, I heard that, yes, that’s what happened
there. Well, the steam engine broke, yes, there was a
burning KamAZ.  I'm
always
amazed. And this is how they went to Rostov,
yes,
where is it, yes, like, we shot through the traffic jams.  the
other
cars don't have traffic jams And
Kadyrov's convoy has a traffic jam You know, I was
just surprised And why is there a car traffic jam in the second car, there are
no traffic jams, well, other cars are
standing there, the chickens are laughing at themselves, they're
happy, you know, we're traffic jams, and
while the car is going there, the car is going there, the
car is
here  interestingly, how is the military
march of Porygozhin to Moscow? Yes, he
reminds me of something. I'm watching
the events in Syria.
barmoley yes on
this on cars they just go there with
machine guns and meet no
resistance yes That’s how it turned out
that Prigozhin’s march In fact no one
took to stopping or was afraid to stop
Well because there was such a big advertisement
on Russian television everywhere and
Prigozhin was there Wagner  Wagner is not
prigosa, Wagner is everywhere takaya cht wagne byla
takaya Well, they took your Bakhmut
there, figuratively Well, how would such a takaya
clean up samaya takaya they were in Africa,
they were in  Syria would
come to the hero,
that's why people have such a charm, no matter how
good it turns out, it
means that he is against something bad, so
we must
support him. Well, first of all, half of the
soldiers did not want to fight with him because,
well, it makes sense.  of
our
officers, soldiers, anyone
can
think of a brake, and then tomorrow I
won't be able to join the agner, well, figuratively,
so I'm better off on
the spot, decide
something yourself.
first of all,
what do they have there, well, as a last resort, the
tamk74 machine gun is not a police machine, I’m not
saying that they would have run away, it just turns out to
be the bell ringer, or who is
he, how is he,
that the internal troops, that is, they
started to make
reinforcements
zolooloolo  It was really interesting to me
that Wagner would have been able to break through.
It seems to me that he would have been able to do so without any problems.
Don't go, I'm going against
Putin, I'm going to go against
Shayrasimo, the tsar
is a good fool,
so if they say that I'm going
against Putin, I don't know how the population of
Russia would react to this, I don't know, I'm against the
move, I
don't mean anything at all, I've never served in the army for a
single day  You know
that
he seems to have a military ticket
and it is
written that he is
a lieutenant in the army.
he said like
a blotter Well, I don’t know what happened to me,
Kadyro, here’s
Shaigu, just Shaigu, but he gained
authority because he completely cleaned up
the TV channel Zvezda and this is
the TV channel Zvezda. Every day he talked about
what kind of
step the guy is.
Danerstak was built there. They
took
Egosta here. He created a lot of long-lasting
PR when he replaced the
star.
they even said that if putindt
Vla then Shaigu would be a successor like
Shaigu would be in power, and many
openly said
even that Shaigu should be in power,
well, after Putin, well, it seems to me that Putin is
forever, because
Putin is alive now, our
banner is strength and weapons  Well, who
[ __ ] him, he is the same monument, who
will take him down? Well, how does a Korean man who will
take him down? You know that in the hay of Korea, there are
also elections, that they
choose him. Yes, there
really are elections there.  well, in the
Soviet Union,
yes, for
whom and the Soviet Union there, well, there, after the
other Soviet Union, there was a deputy of the
Supreme Soviet. Well, there, too,
99%
98% voted, and no one doubted Putin
that even if you were Jesus Christ,
bring the
Russians to the elections  All the same, the Supreme Court does everything not
for Jesus, but for
Putin, because Jesus will not be
such a center of mass information,
he will not have such a place. The Supreme Court system is prepared
for the election of the electoral system in Jesus
God will win the elections, even
if God decides to
vote against Putin, God will also
win the elections, he
will lose, but it turns out
that according to modern realities,
how much of these are all such a steep
element who rowed in the army,
how much is this adequate because I
I see that now it is already looting, even
now, your authorities have recognized that there in the
Kurdistan Region, there are all these videos of how to
pick up stores
[music]
looters Yes, I even remember We have parts
when I served When  I was still a captain.
Yes, in Irkutsk, we had a lot of
soldiers looting neighboring dachas all the time.
vdymtorem There are no problems of course And who
apologizes and even shits with us when I was
young there the lieutenant captain was robbed yes
when there were no owners And now play yes
when  There is an owner. And who will say what? He
comes there. A man with
automatic weapons. What will you
do? You will have some kind of
double-barreled gun. You will not do anything. Yes,
of course. Well, it was all robbery.
Yes, the Germans in Germany were also
looting, they were constantly looting, I will even
say it now. Here is my uncle.
home,
furniture, everything, crystal, plates, everything, home, he
brought a half-wagon, he brought it, Colonel,
he was, that is, he was forever secured. Let’s
say that from Germany. Well, this is Germany. 45
hours.  the
officers themselves tell the soldiers
to steal something and they say exactly that, That's what I
need
[music]
tamza for a nine for a Mercedes, I'll
bring it to you, I'll give it to you, I'll give it to you, I'll give it there Well  with
some kind of something, well, or with money, there is
100, well, 100,
we have such a thing even before this, it was in the
case that
when the officers told the soldiers that I
needed rubber for the nine
yes, they got five increases there, and the
soldier is satisfied and the officer is satisfied, the
officer's tire, the soldier
is free for five dismissals,
do you want them, yes, with what kind of car do you want,
listen when we don't have Bosco parts Yes  here
you don't go anywhere in chapok, it's like,
eat normally, you want table food, when
they give Hercules porridge and
give, I don't know,
instead of potatoes, well,
figuratively, they give that, well, puree, I give that puree, that's it, that's a
can
all the soldiers are hungry. They
would be hungry. No, eggs, butter, eggs, they always
gave two eggs, a piece of butter, they
always gave.
for lunch, I'd be hungry. I'd be
hungry. Remember, you're 20 years old.
You run 5-10 km a day, and they
give you 2,000 calories. They give you a
snack. I give you a piece of food.
I
think it's the same, the officers
say, I
need a 65-inch TV, I need it there
There is a grand piano and a piano figuratively. And
if you take it, I will give you
20 20 days. What if you don’t attack or
20 volleys? Well, it doesn’t
matter. Of course, anyone
will agree.
Yes. How do you see it? If, for example, there is no such
thing,
Ukraine will give the chicken region, Russia is coming out
there.  on the brink of a year Yes, how can Russia in general
change the situation on the
front, Russia will not
agree on the oblast in Kusochekrkovskoy
oblast and on a piece of Khskoi oblast atut
Ukraine  for example, he will not agree, yes, and what
to do.
Well, then Trump will appear to give
you weapons and money. Yes, then
Germany will give you money.
-everyone gives
more here, well, when the Americans give
billions of dollars, Europe gives
hundreds of millions of dollars,
no, they have started now. Already,
this is from the confiscation, Germany's big debt, the
big budget deficit, I don't understand, do
n't have  in view of
these Russian assets that have now been confiscated, they are
already starting to transfer
50 billion, yes, yes, I heard about it.
Well, listen, again, we also need to buy weapons
somewhere, it
seems to me.
No, I will say
so.  I
agree with Ukraine, so I forbid you
to sell weapons in Europe where at least one
American microchip is located, but in
any German, French
missile, there is an American
microchip, but no, I don’t think this will happen, I
think this is because  even in these
Russian missiles, there are now
American microchips, you already understand, they
take them because of workarounds, and here with this
smerikoy, the second question is that the
Republicans have
military factories, including these
Heimers, and so on.  it is
profitable to supply
weapons to Ukraine, that is, if they
are thrown out of
this, I will say more now, the Americans,
these are old missiles, this is a cash register, these are
all, yes, they are changing to new missiles, I
forgot the name, yes, I  I
remember now, I forgot, that is, now the
Americans are somewhere around 5,000 homeless attack missiles.
Well, no one needs them
because they are replaced by new ones, that is, they need to
be given to someone, or that is, now
Ukraine will take it or buy it, or,
well, Trump will buy it. He is a businessman from him
Everything he will buy for him. Well, if
Ukraine now buys 5,000 rockets, it
will get the go-ahead to destroy any
Russian. Love rockets for
300  And maybe even if there is
noviestoit
km almost to Moscow, they
will figuratively fly to the Krymsky bridge too,
well, the Krymsky bridge, they built that,
well, they can, if 500 rockets, they can, not
so immediately, the question of who is the bridge.  the
rocket will fall there
messages, but ego chere 2-3 days ago, well,
in 2-3 days, one more rocket, that's all.  he
will hit the people
who are building this moment. Well, yes, and
he would hit them all, destroy everyone, that
is, they will recruit others, and they will
say, well, [ __ ], like, well, like, what a
fool, if only it would be
good.
That's right, yes  I think that it is all
technical Well, there is no problem, you see, I
never understood Ukraine
because Ukraine has been in 1991 Yes, I already knew that
Russia is basically an
enemy, well, look at us The point is that I will
say You understand that you  They
didn't buy one plane in 1900, in my opinion. Well, the
most new plane you have is
1989. Moreover, our old
bombers were cut back then, and
so on.
until the 14th year Yes, to
some extent until 2004, even Yes, there was
a huge pro-Russian communist lobby
in the parliament, that's all there, Alla regions,
and so on, that's why it's the same
placed Russia and its people in these and
in the SBU and in other structures, here we are
during the Maidan, Yakymenko, yes, the head of the SBU,
he was a citizen of the Russian Federation,
and then he was transferred to the Russian Federation,
too, that's
all, well, I have already spoken about this many times  he
even said that now the Belarusians are there
half of you are talking about Belarus, Lukashenko
has Lukashenko, Lukashenko is there, all these Generals are
all Citizens, this is the second time, they are
all pro-Putin, and thirdly, they
control each other, what if  the story is
not even right, it will go somewhere, it’s
just my father
[music]
I’ve known all this for a long time
Already, here you are in Ukraine, it’s the same thing
Now, Lukashenko is in the Belarusians, it’s the
same thing that you had there in Ukraine
Well, that’s 10 years ago
15 when there  yes, well, look there,
well, there is nothing there, well, just there, well,
everything is there, the KGB patsina is from the Russian
former babushna, that is, father, just, well, you
say father, go there, father, he will
not go anywhere, it’s
just that  bady kenko will be left without
the kingdom,
good, live in China, poe, maybe, yes,
somewhere, Mosk father decided to go to China, he hid him
in China, so that he would not be blackmailed.
and spread this video to your friends.
Let them think very cool.
Here he is, and
Popyk, this is very, very important. YouTube
drives us to a shadow ban due to complaints from Orks,
and a lot of videos are not shown to
people in a timely manner, information
about streams is not shown, so that we have
operational communication, subscribe right
now And Popyk is there in Telegram in addition to
videos  there is also interesting and useful
information and we must keep in
constant operational contact with you Regardless
of whether YouTube will show you about it,
Glory to Ukraine, subscribe